nrf_802154: Update revision of nrf_802154 (#762)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: nrf_802154/doc/CHANGELOG.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

Main branch
***********

Bug fixes
=========

> * For delayed transmission on nRF5340 when passing NULL metadata the channel now defaults to the value in PIB.
>   It used to be 11, which was inconsistent with the behaviour on nRF52. (KRKNWK-13539)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the channel for the delayed transmission on the nRF5340 SoC when passing NULL metadata would be set to 11.
  This was inconsistent with the behavior on nRF52 and the channel now defaults to the value in PIB. (KRKNWK-13539)
```
Two more edits needed:

- nRF52 -- we can't use just "nRF52"; use either the full number of the SoC or "nRF52 Series' SoCs".
- Expand PIB to full name with "(PIB)" at the end.

Also, we use American English, so "behavior", not "behaviour".

Reviewer 2: Fixed

> * Fixed incorrect CSL phase calculation (the calculated phase was too small). (KRKNWK-13782)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue with the incorrect CSL phase calculation caused by the calculated phase being too small. (KRKNWK-13782)
```

Reviewer 2: This is not entirely what I meant, the calculated phase being too small is the error itself, not the root cause.

Would:
 "Fix an issue causing the calculated CSL phase to be too small" be better?

Reviewer 2: For now I changed to "Fixed an issue causing the calculated CSL phase to be too small"

Reviewer: Looks ok!

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

Main branch
***********

Bug fixes
=========

* Fixed an issue where the channel for the delayed transmission on the nRF5340 SoC when passing NULL metadata would be set to 11.
  This was inconsistent with the behavior on nRF52 Series' SoCs and the channel now defaults to the value

>   in the Personal Area Network Information Base (PIB). (KRKNWK-13539)

Reviewer 2: Fixed
